It's not production, if you're not monitoring it. What does that mean?
It means that you can architect
the most brilliant systems in the world that serve millions of users every day,
but if you're not monitoring that system,
you're begging for a massive outage and you shouldn't be shocked when it happens.
Monitoring systems is not as exciting as designing them,
but it is equally as important.
Highly available, reliable, and resilient systems still fail in
completely unexpected ways because it's impossible to anticipate every failure path.
Additionally, consider that succeeding can lead to failure.
If your application becomes wildly popular and serves thousands of new users a day,
this will strain your system in new ways.
Something that works for 100,000 users may not work as well for a million users,
and may not work at all for 10 million users.
Without monitoring, you'll miss
the signs of your system going through these growing panes.
CloudWatch is the primary AWS service for monitoring.
CloudWatch has many pieces that work together to help you
get an overall view of your platform and services.
CloudWatch metrics are the main repository of monitoring metrics within AWS.
There are many metrics generated by
your AWS infrastructure that you can only get from AWS.
What does the CPU utilization look like on your RDS database?
How many messages are currently in an sqsq?
These are things that you don't have access to in any other way,
but to ask AWS.
CloudWatch metrics is where AWS makes all of these type of metrics available to you.
Any metric that AWS tracks for their services are available via CloudWatch metrics.
For any AWS service that you use,
you should be aware of what metrics are available.
You can also create custom metrics within
CloudWatch metrics and then use those same tools to track these.
CloudWatch Logs is a service for storing and viewing text-based logs.
AWS services that generate text logs: Lambda,
API Gateway, etc., will automatically log into CloudWatch Logs.
You may also have your custom applications log to
CloudWatch Logs and use that as your centralized logging system.
CloudWatch Logs Insights is a powerful tool for searching through these logs.
CloudWatch Synthetics are health checks that you can create for your HTTP endpoints.
If you want to have an overall check on,
is this service responding correctly to HTTP requests,
then you can set up a CloudWatch Synthetic that periodically checks that endpoint.
Dashboards are a fantastic way for you to create at a glance views of your system health.
You probably lack the time to spend hours every day investigating system health.
Instead, create dashboards that have all of the best indicators
of system health so they can check them frequently and quickly for performance data.
CloudWatch dashboards is a tool for creating these summarized views.
CloudWatch Alarms is the alerting mechanism for CloudWatch metrics.
We'll focus on this later in this lesson.